I'm gluten-free GG and I'm living gluten
dairy soy and nut free don't let food
allergies keep you from enjoying the
food you love come on in the kitchen
with me and I'll show you how to eat
what you love and still feel great today
we're making chana masala which is a
traditional Pakistani and Indian dish
we'll start with a pot over medium heat
and we're making the entire dish in one
saucepan so use a large one we've got a
tablespoon of olive oil and I have one
large yellow onion we're going to
address and we'll cook it for about
10-15 knots this will go onion is very
tender and golden then we'll come back
and add other ingredients after about 10
minutes you can see how the onions are
already golden and so they can cook for
two or three more minutes and i'll be
ready for the other group sit in 15
minutes come have a look at our onions
they've gotten tinder their golden still
sizzling away and we're ready to add the
next two ingredients i'll have three
cloves of garlic that i've missed and i
have one tablespoon of very finely
grated fresh ginger root so these will
go min want to stir for up to a minute
I'm still over medium-high heat borrow a
very quickly after that we'll come back
and add all spices we're still letting
our garlic and ginger finish up we're
about to add our spices in we have a lot
of them here we've got three teaspoons
of ground coriander 1 teaspoon of
paprika 1 teaspoon of yellow curry 1
teaspoon of turmeric 1 teaspoon of garm
masala that's an Indian spice blend
we've got one-half teaspoon of garlic
powder and one-half teaspoon of cayenne
pepper will add all these into our onion
garlic and ginger mix we also add in one
half of a teaspoon of coarsely ground
sea salt and stir all of your dry spices
in with the onions this will give these
just a moment to heat up and cook and
let the oils release from them and next
we'll add the rest of our ingredients we
have 1 cup of organic vegetable broth
you could use chicken broth if you like
and have that on hand this will keep our
dish vegan we use the veggie broth now
have won 14 and a half ounce can of
diced tomatoes and these are in their
juices don't drain those i have two cans
of organic chickpeas or garbanzo beans
and i have drained these and the last
thing we need to add is the juice from
half of a lemon and i have my half of
the women here in wedges and i've
already taken the seeds out just squeeze
these right in china masala is known for
its pungent flavor in its sour citrus
flavor so the lemon helps with
give this is store and then we're going
to cover turn our heat down from
medium-high heat to low let this simmer
for about 30 minutes then come back and
finish our dish it's been half an hour
and our chana masala is ready finish
we'll give it a stir it smells amazing
we need to do now is to take our potato
masher and go in and mash some of the
chickpeas and you can make this as you
know chunky or mash as much as you want
to just really depends on your taste
what this does is it thickens the dish
up and gives it just a little bit more
of a smooth texture so that looks about
right i like to mash about half of the
chickpeas for myself and after you get
this to your liking it's time to stir in
our last ingredient which is about one
half of a cup of chopped cilantro and
you don't like cilantro you can use
parsley or you can omit this all
together give this a stir and now this
is ready to serve great over rice great
served along with some Indian flatbread
I hope you enjoyed this recipe for more
recipe videos like this one visit
gluten-free GG calm and sign up for my
free e-letter and become a part of my
growing gluten-free family today
you